README.md, before:

# os-media-controls-for-yandex-music
> Chrome extension that adds OS media controls for yandex music web app. Useful in OS's that don't have an official Yandex music desktop app e.g. in Ubuntu and in other linux distro's. Extension provides you to control music (play|pause, go next, go previous) with system shortcuts or using top bar media buttons.

## Screenshots
Music controls in Ubuntu top bar without extension:
![Screenshot of music controls in Ubuntu top bar without extension][without]
<br />
Music controls in Ubuntu top bar with extension:
![Screenshot of music controls in Ubuntu top bar with extension][with]

[without]: ./readmeImg/wthout.png "Music controls in Ubuntu top bar without extension"
[with]: ./readmeImg/with.png "Music controls in Ubuntu top bar with extension"

## Installation
1. Go to `chrome://extensions/` page in Google Chrome.
2. Drag-and-drop file [`os-media-controls-for-yandex-music.crx`](https://github.com/sablevsky/os-media-controls-for-yandex-music/blob/master/os-media-controls-for-yandex-music.crx).

Commit message:

feat: added note about experimental API in README

README.md, after:

# os-media-controls-for-yandex-music
> Chrome extension that adds OS media controls for yandex music web app. Useful in OS's that don't have an official Yandex music desktop app e.g. in Ubuntu and in other linux distro's. Extension provides you to control music (play|pause, go next, go previous) with system shortcuts or using top bar media buttons.

### NOTE!
> Experimental [Media Session API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Session_API) used. It can be a reason of unexpected behavior. Compatible with Chrome v.73 or later. 

## Screenshots
Music controls in Ubuntu top bar without extension:
![Screenshot of music controls in Ubuntu top bar without extension][without]
<br />
Music controls in Ubuntu top bar with extension:
![Screenshot of music controls in Ubuntu top bar with extension][with]

[without]: ./readmeImg/wthout.png "Music controls in Ubuntu top bar without extension"
[with]: ./readmeImg/with.png "Music controls in Ubuntu top bar with extension"

## Installation
1. Go to `chrome://extensions/` page in Google Chrome.
2. Drag-and-drop file [`os-media-controls-for-yandex-music.crx`](https://github.com/sablevsky/os-media-controls-for-yandex-music/blob/master/os-media-controls-for-yandex-music.crx).
